Just in time to wake up and feel lucky
The way he makes me feel
The same girl as five years ago
I should be looking for him
Early in the morning
Fascinated by your wife's gentleman crush
I want to see if I'm dreaming
Will you disappear again when you open your eyes?
that
I asked if you were going
Ouch, look at Mr. Yan's sprouting strength
This is the man who has finally started eating meat
I'm in a good mood today.
Don't care about you
Get down to business
The dive bay project has been checked out
It's a matter of contractors cutting corners
Because the rescue was timely
Fortunately, not many people finished.
OK
Comfort the injured and their families
Severely punish those responsible
In addition
The matter you asked me to investigate has been investigated clearly.
Gu Qingxin was framed 5 years ago
The place of loss is at the Star Hotel
In the same hotel where you were framed
Because the monitoring can't find it, so
Exactly as I guessed
People inside and outside are truly miracles
Tell the people below
You don't need to look for that person 5 years ago
I'm sure that person is my father, Mr. Li
Five years ago, the woman found
He gave birth to a son for you